Add missing info on allowed-auth-handlers (#3547)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/apis/overview.md

    | `http_method`      | Specify an HTTP method i.e `all`, `post`, `get`, etc. | `all`  |
    | `permissions`     | The user role permission required to authorize the resource. You can enter multiple permission strings in a comma-separated list.      | `/permission/admin/ login` |
    | `scope`     | Scopes that an access token requires to access the resource. You can enter multiple scopes in a comma-separated list.     | `internal_idp_create` |

>     | `allowed_auth_handlers` | This defines the handlers that need to be engaged for the particular resource. If this property is not configured it will be set to the default value `all` which implies all available handlers are engaged to the resource.     | `                 BasicAuthentication                ` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `allowed_auth_handlers` | This defines the handlers that need to be engaged for the particular resource. The default value `all` implies that all available handlers are engaged with the resource.      | `                 BasicAuthentication                ` |
```
